I would be happy in this mad woman's navy one one of be all you can be
our own home from the RV. I must say you are You can be qualifies what
you can that will help you be satisfied with your leader that you're
making upward mobile e able mobility choice. If you don't have
a mobility, people start to stagnate. That's why people get out. Um,
you know it. If you're in the p three community and you cannot make
the conversion to p eight, you're in a downward spiral. That point
there is a life. There's 1/2 life at that point and you don't want to
think maybe only about 20. Get out. Okay, well, life happens. I mean,
something's happened. What's that for? Um, that's the way that,
you know, be happy. Don't worry. You're gonna have a career. Okay? You
happy? Don't worry. Scenario